tools: update the usage of region startkey to region keys (#6951)
pingcap/docs: pd-control.md

}
```

### `region keys [--format=raw|encode|hex] <start_key> <end_key> <limit>`

> Use this command to query all Regions in a given range `[startkey, endkey)`. Ranges without `endKey`s are supported. The default value of `limit` is `16`, set to `-1` for unlimited. 

Reviewer: The value of `-1` means no limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this command to query all Regions in a given range `[startkey, endkey)`. Ranges without `endKey`s are supported. The default value of `limit` is `16`, and the value of `-1` means unlimited. 
```

Reviewer: @nolouch PTAL, thanks~

> Use this command to query all Regions in a given range [startkey, endkey). It supports range without endKey, the default value of limit is 16 without endKey and -1 (no limit)  with endKey. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this command to query all Regions in a given range `[startkey, endkey)`. Ranges without `endKey`s are supported. With an `endKey`, the default value of `limit` is `16`. Without an `endKey`, the default value of `limit` is `-1`, which means no limit. 
```

Usage:

```bash

> >> region keys --format=raw a         // Display all Regions start from a with default limit count 16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>> region keys --format=raw a         // Display all Regions that start from key a with the default limit count of 16
```

{
  "count": 16,
  "regions": [......],
}

> >> region keys --format=raw a "" 20   // Display all Regions start from a with limit count 20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>> region keys --format=raw a "" 20   // Display all Regions that start from the key a with the limit count of 20
```

{
  "count": 20,
  "regions": [......],
}

> >> region keys --format=raw a z      // Display all Regions in range [a, z) without limit count

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>> region keys --format=raw a z      // Display all Regions in the range [a, z) without a limit count
```

{
  "count": 16,
  "regions": [......],
}

> >> region keys --format=raw a z 20   // Display all Regions in range [a, z) with limit count 20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>> region keys --format=raw a z 20   // Display all Regions in the range [a, z) with a limit count of 20
```
